okay okay okay ready okay just wait a
minute I gotta put something right there
s don't you just hold the camera steady
well just wait a minute it's there no
there no there okay you're ready I'm
always ready well okay then okay one two
three action wait what I thought you so
you ready something is missing like this
background it's so boring well what do
you want well this is supposed to be a
contest video can't we let you make a
poster or something for it Stace lbs
contest or something ok but it will take
some time laughter okay I'll be right
back okay we're back well that was fast
did you get any poster I just made this
one really quickly is it ok yeah it's ok
ok now we have to get started filming ok
ok I'm ready 1 2 3 4 action hey guys my
name is pinky and I am mainly LPS is
hamster and also helping her during her
a little special video making and now I
am so lucky but I got to make this car
this video
oh hello it well of course she wrote my
script and stuff and she's filming and
she made this poster but other ways the
attention is on me right well not if
you're standing so close the camera
won't focus today now a little bit more
they're perfect okay so my name is pinky
and we are going to have an LPS contest
okay so basically this is a music video
contest and okay so in the music video
contests you have to make a music video
yeah that's kinda obvious but I'll just
go right to the rules okay so rule
number one it has to be I'll PS rule
number two you cannot Kobe any others
videos and if you you know like get
ideas from some person you have to give
credits to her or him again yeah but if
you make something really original you
have a bigger chance to win this contest
real number three you have to leave the
video as a video response if you don't
know how you do that you can just
comment below and tell me that you're
entering is I gotta check out your
channel where you have your video rule
number four on the title off the video i
can stand like if you're making a music
video to maybe 18 of katy perry you ride
bikes LPS easy music video take the
party bubble glass which is that but
please just brit right like contest
entry for Millie LP Isis card
is there something because yeah it will
make it easier for me to find your video
okay so the last thing I'm going to say
is that deadline is 23rd off December so
it's like the day before Christmas I
know but when you have like almost 20
days making the video so just remember
if you enter after 23rd of december your
video cannot win okay so now for the
prices first place cats a subscription I
will watch comment and like all of your
videos comment on your channel and you
will be in Millie's box for three weeks
and also you will get a link to your
channel in the description box in in the
winner's video so for second place a
subscription I will watch comment and
like on three of your videos comment on
your channel and you will be in millis
box for two weeks and of course you will
also get a link to your channel in the
description box and in the winter video
so third place a subscription for me I'm
a lush comment and like one of your
videos a comment on your channel and you
will be in Middle East box for one week
and you will get a link your channel in
the description box and in the winter
video sounds good well that is just the
Stars and drink good luck remember
deadline is 23rd of December
you just start